There's more to be said as far as strings go inside of six.
But for now that's honestly all we really need to know.
And if you want to know more about strings inside of iOS 6 or more than happy to do a detailed module
but what I really want to do is give you all of the tools that you need right now.
And then we can go into sort of kind of the nuances in the really really deep stuff later.
But for now let's just get you set up with what you need.
So with that being said we're going to move on to functions so let's make a new file called functions
Geass and we'll do the same thing as always we're going to come in this out and then we'll throw something
down here at the bottom and we can just change this to functions like so and we're good to go double
check that it works.
If you want to I know that it works so it should be fine.
Now functions there pretty interesting pretty unique inside of javascript unique in the sense that you
can pass in as many arguments as you want or as few arguments as you want regardless of how many parameters
were defined.
So to give you an example of that I'll make a function and we'll call this a sync function or just func
and it's going to take a couple of things maybe that you are.
And then to time out then it'll take a callback.
Now the thing about this is what if I don't want to pass in the callback Well that's perfectly OK.
Whenever I'd call it I can just do async fonk pass in a you r o.
And then just kind of pass then as soon as undefined like so I could pass it in as a string undefined
and that's ok.
Nothing happens no where you'd think you would get mad at me for not specifying but it doesn't it's
perfectly OK.
I could even pass in no arguments if I really wanted to or I could pass in extra arguments.
So in this case I can just keep going and pass in four arguments instead of the three parameters that
I specified.
That's all well and good.
However there's a problem with this.
What if we're performing some logic inside of a function that requires us to have this certain value
or at least requires us to know whether or not it has been explicitly passed then.
Well that's where we kind of had to do some work arounds in Javascript.
So I'll give you an example let's say with the timeout we need to make sure that there is always a value
for the time.
So what we might do with something like this will take the time out parameter and set it equal to either
a time out or 2000.
So this kind of works because if someone doesn't explicitly pass an argument for a timeout then it's
going to be undefined.
And if it is undefined as we know from truthy falsie it will evaluate to false.
And whenever you use or.
The first value is false then it's going to give you or return the second value instead.
There is a problem with that however.
I mean we could also do it with a callback to just to make sure.
So we could do callback for a function like so we'll do an anonymous function maybe space it out to
make it look pretty.
So with that being said if either of these parameters are undefined then it will give the default value.
So this is kind of a way to make default parameters that is kind of defaults in case we forget or we
don't need to pass anything in.
This is kind of flawed though.
There's one big flaw and that is that zero is falsie.
So if we wanted to pass in zero for our time out parameter that would still evaluate to false and then
we would just return 2000 so it would completely ignore our argument that we pass in even though we
did indeed explicitly pass in an argument.
So a way that people might get around this and I'm going to copy this.
I don't feel like writing it again and just call it a sync funk.
To very original.
So a way that people might get around this is to do something along these lines though do turn ternary
expression maybe put.
Let's see.
Time out does not equal an undefined.
And then if that evaluates to true then we'll make sure that timeout is the value that was passed and
is assigned as the parameter.
Else we will set it to 2000 and we can do the same business rate here so we'll just kind of take this
and do parentheses and do callback whoops my mind sex is kind of fighting me here.
There we go.
Call back.
Perfect.
Not equal to undefined in said it's callback.
Else we'll set it to another function like so.
Now with that being said I'm going to stretch this out a little bit so you can see it more clearly.
So this does work a lot better but it is a lot of work just to make sure that these are undefined whenever
we start running through the code inside of our function.
So we're going to talk about a much better way to do this in the next video.